Add `Security` section to Map-Object comparison (#23068)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/map/index.md

        </div>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Security</th>
      <td>
        A <code>Map</code> is safe to use with user-provided keys and values.
      </td>
      <td>
        <p>

>           Setting user-provided key-value pairs on an <code>Object</code> 
>           may allow an attacker to override the objects prototype, which
>           <a href="https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-security/blob/main/docs/the-dangers-of-square-bracket-notation.md">
>             can lead to a remote code execution vulnerability
>           </a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Setting user-provided key-value pairs on an <code>Object</code> 
          may allow an attacker to override the object's prototype, which
          can lead to
          <a href="https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-security/blob/main/docs/the-dangers-of-square-bracket-notation.md">
            object injection attacks
          </a>. This can also be mitigated by using a `null`-prototype object.
```
